DEP: Deprecate `np.find_common_type` (#22539)
numpy/numpy: doc/release/upcoming_changes/22539.deprecation.rst

> ``np.find_common_type`` is deprecated

Reviewer: This is a lot of info for a release note but then again the situation is complicated. I'm +1 for leaving the info in the release notes instead of the docs proper since this is a deprecation and the complexity will be reduced in the future.

-------------------------------------
`numpy.find_common_type` is now deprecated and its use should be replaced
with either `numpy.result_type` or `numpy.promote_types`.
Most users leave the second ``scalar_types`` argument to ``find_common_type``
as ``[]`` in which case ``np.result_type`` and ``np.promote_types`` are both
faster and more robust.
When not using ``scalar_types`` the only difference is that the replacement
intentionally converts non-native byte-order to native byte order.

> When the second argument is used things are more complicated.

Reviewer: Just a minor wording suggestion to better tie it to the case mentioned in the previous paragraph. Feel free to ignore!

```suggestion
When the ``scalar_types`` argument is not ``[]`` things are more complicated.
```

In most cases, using ``np.result_type`` and passing the Python values
``0``, ``0.0``, or ``0j`` has the same result as using ``int``, ``float``,
or ``complex`` in `scalar_types`.

> When ``scalar_types`` is constructed, ``npy.result_type`` is the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When ``scalar_types`` is constructed, ``np.result_type`` is the
```
